Add "Formatter Known Issues" section to README.md (#254)
mark-wiemer/vscode-autohotkey-plus-plus: README.md

;@AHK++FormatBlockCommentOff
```

> #### Formatter Known Issues

Reviewer: Instead of adding a whole new `### Formatter Known Issues` section, let's take a cue from the debugger section and just add a note at the top of the `### Code Format` section:

```md
### Code Format

> There are some [known issues with the formatter](https://github.com/mark-wiemer/vscode-autohotkey-plus-plus/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aformatter), and we're always working to improve.

Supports standard VS Code formatting with a few options.
```

Author: Done.

;@AHK++FormatBlockCommentOff
```

#### Formatter Known Issues

> There are commands, that can produce indent on single next line. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some commands cause the next line to be indented. For example:
```

```autohotkey
if (true)
    MsgBox

Loop % n
    SoundBeep
```

Such code will be well formatted.

> But do not nest such commands. The next code will be formatted incorrectly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the formatter doesn't work with nested commands:
```

> But do not nest such commands. The next code will be formatted incorrectly:

Reviewer: Let's file an issue for this and add it in the README as well

Reviewer: In fact, we can just link the search results for all bugs labelled "formatter" so folks can easily learn about current active issues.

Reviewer: The link to the bugs will probably be better than describing this bug in detail. Let's consider replacing this PR with one that just adds a link to all formatter bugs instead to keep the README short and simple.

```autohotkey

> if (true)

Reviewer: Please update this to be of the form "input -> output -> expected output":

```ahk
; input
if (true)
if (true)
MsgBox
MsgBox

; output
; ???

; expected
if (true)
    if (true)
        MsgBox
MsgBox
```

    if (true)
        MsgBox

Loop % n
    if (true)
        SoundBeep
```

> Use their variants with braces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround, use braces:
```
